,rdfs:comment
0,"People with 17-beta hydroxysteroid dehydrogenase 3 deficiency, abbreviated as ""17-beta,"" have XY chromosomes and testes, but their bodies do not have one of the enzymes needed to synthesize testosterone. Most people with 17-beta are born with a vulva and vagina, and their testes are most often undescended. Some people with 17-beta will be born with genitals that do not clearly resemble a typical penis or a typical vulva. Some will have a penis that may be smaller than typical (known as a micropenis), and the urethra may open on the underside of the penis rather than at the tip (known as hypospadias). In adolescence, people with 17-beta will often develop some secondary sex characteristics associated with a typical testosterone puberty."
1,"Term used to refer to a wide range of variations in sex characteristics. The term ""intersex conditions"" is a pathologizing term used to mean people born with variations in their physical sex characteristics also known as intersex traits."
2,"Abbreviation used to describe Two-Spirit people, lesbians, gay men, bisexual people, transgender people, queer people, and other gender and sexual minorities as a group; commonly used in Canada to emphasize the particularities of Indigenous people's experiences."
3,"Acronym used to describe lesbians, gay men, bisexual people, transgender people, queer people, and any other sexual and gender minorities as a group."
4,Groups of people who share the experience of being bisexual.
5,Groups of people who share the experience of being gay men.
6,Groups of people who share the experience of being lesbians.
7,Groups of people who share the experience of being queer.
8,Groups of people who share the experience of being transgender.
9,A group of Two-Spirit people united by their shared identity.
10,"People with 5-alpha reductase deficiency, abbreviated as 5-ARD, have XY chromosomes, testes, and typical levels of testosterone, but their bodies do not have the enzyme responsible for converting testosterone to the more powerful androgen dihydrotestosterone (DHT). This affects how an individual's external sex characteristics develop, and people born with 5-ARD often have genital differences that are noticed at birth. In adolescence, people with 5-ARD typically develop some features associated with testosterone puberty, and they may experience genital growth at this point."
11,"69ing refers to an act of shared oral sex between two people simultaneously giving and receiving oral sex, one on top of the other, said to look similar to the number 69. "
12,Sexual activities performed using the mouth.
13,A sexual act involving the use of the mouth and tongue to stimulate another person's external genitalia (typically the penis or clitoris).
14,"A sexual act involving the use of the mouth and tongue to stimulate the clitoris, labia, and vagina."
15,"Asexual people who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
16,"LGBTQ+ people who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
17,"Bisexual people who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
18,"Gay men who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
19,"Intersex people who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
20,"Lesbians who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
21,"LGBTQ+ people who are part of an Indigenous people, or culturally distinct ethnic group whose members are directly descended from the earliest known inhabitants of a particular region and, to some extent, maintain the language and culture of those people. Only use to describe people who identify as Indigenous; use more specific terms whenever possible."
22,"Queer people who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
23,"Transgender people who belong to one or more of the various Indigenous peoples of Australia; do not use to refer to the Indigenous people of the Torres Strait Islands, who are considered ethnically and culturally distinct. Only use to describe people who identify as Aboriginal Australian."
24,Term used to describe the identity of people who are both Indigenous and queer and view those identities as inherently related and interconnected.
25,Indigenous queer people who recognize their queer identity as salient to their Indigenous identity and vice versa; some but not all Indigiqueer people also identify as Two-Spirit; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as Indigiqueer.
26,Indigenous Australian term for people who transition from male to female.
27,A commonly mistranslated Burmese term for people assigned male at birth who exhibit feminine behaviors while serving as spiritual mediums; there is some question over the legitimacy of term.
28,Broad term describing gender and sexual identities specific to regions outside of North America and Europe.
29,"Fanfiction that focuses on, incorporates, or details the relationships of real-life actors, often of the same sex or gender."
30,"Fanfiction about real people, such as actors or musicians; often but not always used to describe fanfiction focusing on (real or imagined) same-sex or same-gender relationships between celebrities."
31,"LGBTQ+ people who act in stage plays, movies, television shows, broadcasts, or other productions."
32,Series of moving images edited to tell a story or capture an event; use in reference to films focusing on LGBTQ+ characters or themes.
33,"Sexual attraction or erotic desire between members of the same sex or gender; typically used to describe temporary, latent, or unfulfilled desire rather than a more permanent sexual identity or orientation."
34,"LGBTQ+ people who were adopted, whether or not by LGBTQ+ parents."
35,"Self-identified lesbians, gay men, bisexual people, transgender people, queer people, and other sexual and gender minorities."
36,The experience of being an adoptive parent to a child or children. An adoptive parent is the person or persons who become permanent parents through adoption with all the responsibilities therein.
37,The experiences of being an LGBTQ+ parent and the responsibilities involved.
38,"Adoption of a child or children, either by legal or informal processes, by LGBTQ+ people. "
39,"A basis of parenthood understood to be in opposition to biological parenthood, that challenges the assumption that parenthood presupposes blood relation. Social parenthood is the full- or part-time care, nurturing, and protection of a child by an adult who has taken on that duty. "
40,"People who have adopted children, either legally or through a social/cultural practice."
41,People who act as parents to one or more people.
42,Parents who adopt and who are LGBTQ+ people.
43,Biological or genetic parents of a child or children placed for adoption.
44,A set of pronouns. Used in this manner: Ae went to the Homosaurus website. I watched aer browse the Homosaurus. Ae uses the Homosaurus aerself.
45,"Personal pronouns that are not officially (i.e., in dictionaries, style guides, etc.) recognized by the language that they are used in. Often intended to be gender neutral."
46,"Words used in place of a noun. Typically used in the context of ""personal pronouns,"" or pronouns used to describe people (e.g., she, he, they, ze)."
47,Asexual people of African descent born in the United States or asexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
48,African American people who are also LGBTQ+; do not use for people of color broadly; follow the individual's preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
49,Bisexual people of African descent born in the United States or bisexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
50,Black people who are bisexual. Use only for individuals who self-identity as Black. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
51,African American slang term that describes a subculture of Black men who identify as heterosexual but have sex with men.
52,Gay men of African descent born in the United States or gay men born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
53,Intersex people of African descent born in the United States or intersex people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
54,Lesbians of African descent born in the United States or lesbians born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
55,Black people who are also LGBTQ+; do not use for people of color broadly; follow the individual's preference for Black or African American whenever possible.
56,Queer people of African descent born in the United States or queer people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
57,Transgender people of African descent born in the United States or transgender people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the United States. Use for individuals who self-identity as African American. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
58,Term from the 1980s (or earlier) that describes a certain type of young Latin American or African American man who has sex with men and who dresses in stereotypical masculine urban fashion.
59,Culturally affirming term for sexual identity that is often used to describe African American homosexual people.
60,"LGBTQ+ people of native African ancestry living outside of the continent of Africa. While this term is commonly used to describe descendants of Africans who were enslaved and forcibly transported to the Americas via the transatlantic slave trade between the 16th and 19th centuries, it can also be used to refer to descendants of Africans who voluntarily immigrated to other parts of the world. Do not conflate with Black LGBTQ+ people or African American LGBTQ+ people. Follow the individual's preference whenever possible."
61,Black people who are transgender. Use only for individuals who self-identity as Black. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
62,Asexual people of African descent born in Canada or asexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada. Use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Canadian.
63,LGBTQ+ people of African descent born in Canada or LGBTQ+ people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada; use for individuals who self-identity as Afro-Canadian.
64,Black people who are asexual. Use only for individuals who self-identity as Black. Follow the individual’s preference for African American or Black whenever possible.
65,Bisexual people of African descent born in Canada or bisexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada. Use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Canadian.
66,Gay men of African descent born in Canada or gay men born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada. Use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Canadian.
67,Lesbians of African descent born in Canada or lesbians born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada. Use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Canadian.
68,Queer people of African descent born in Canada or queer people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada. Use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Canadian.
69,Transgender people of African descent born in Canada or transgender people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Canada. Use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Canadian.
70,Asexual people of African descent born in the Caribbean or asexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
71,LGBTQ+ people of African descent born in the Caribbean or LGBTQ+ people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
72,Bisexual people of African descent born in the Caribbean or bisexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
73,Gay men of African descent born in the Caribbean or gay men born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
74,Lesbians of African descent born in the Caribbean or lesbians born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
75,Queer people of African descent born in the Caribbean or queer people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
76,Transgender people of African descent born in the Caribbean or transgender people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to the Caribbean. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Caribbean.
77,Asexual people of African descent born in European countries or asexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
78,LGBTQ+ people of African descent born in European countries or LGBTQ+ people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
79,Bisexual people of African descent born in European countries or bisexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
80,Gay men of African descent born in European countries or gay men born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
81,Lesbians of African descent born in European countries or lesbians born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
82,Queer people of African descent born in European countries or queer people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
83,Transgender people of African descent born in European countries or transgender people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Europe. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-European.
84,Asexual people of African descent born in Latin American countries or asexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
85,LGBTQ+ people of African descent born in Latin American countries or LGBTQ+ people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
86,"Latin American people who are asexual; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as Latino, Latina, or Latinx. Do not conflate with Chicano/a/x or Hispanic."
87,Bisexual people of African descent born in Latin American countries or bisexual people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
88,Gay men of African descent born in Latin American countries or gay men born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
89,Lesbians of African descent born in Latin American countries or lesbians born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
90,"Latin American people who are LGBTQ+; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as Latino, Latina, or Latinx. Do not conflate with Chicano/a/x or Hispanic."
91,Queer people of African descent born in Latin American countries or queer people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
92,Transgender people of African descent born in Latin American countries or transgender people born in African countries who live in or have a strong connection to Latin America. Only use for individuals who self-identify as Afro-Latin American.
93,"The age at which a person is considered legally competent to consent to sexual acts. The age of consent varies depending on the country, state, or culture."
94,"Permission or agreement for a set of actions to occur, particularly in a sexual encounter and/or within a relational dynamic."
95,"Legislation determining the kinds of sexual behaviors and activities that are legally permissible. Laws vary by jurisdiction but typically address crimes like sexual coercion, sexual assault, incest, and sex trafficking. Historically and in the present day, sexual offenses laws have also served to criminalize consensual but non-normative sexual practices, such as anal sex and homosexuality."
96,"Ongoing connections (romantic, sexual, play, or platonic) between two or more people of different age groups or from different generations."
97,"A content warning applied to fanworks to signal the depiction of people under the age of consent in sexual situations, either with other underage people or adults."
98,Identity term used to describe people who do not have genders or who identify with genderlessness.
99,"A person’s experience of having a particular gender, which may or may not correspond with the gender or sex they were assigned at birth."
100,"People who identify as not having a gender, or being genderless."
101,"Individuals whose gender identities and practices differ from those of the dominant culture. Use the term ""Sexual minorities"" for individuals whose sexual identities, orientations, and practices differ from those of the dominant culture."
102,Broad term for people who do not conform to their gender assigned at birth. Add more specific terms when possible.
103,Individuals whose gender identity exists outside of the gender binary; only use to describe individuals who self-identify as non-binary.
104,"A form of roleplay, typically sexual, that occurs between consenting adults in which one or more participants play an age different from their biological age."
105,Practice in which one or more people take on a different identity or role to fulfill a desire or fantasy.
106,"Erotic preference and form of personal relationship involving the consensual use of restraint, intense sensory stimulation, and fantasy power roleplay."
107,Filipino word that translates to both hermaphrodite and a gay slur.
108,"Insulting or discriminating remarks, innuendos, or names intended to demoralize a person, typically by disparaging that person's identity or social group. Generally, for a term to be considered a slur, it must be derogatory towards a particular person or group, it must be used to subordinate them within some structure of power relations, and the derogated person or group must be defined by an intrinsic property such as their race, sexual orientation, gender identity, etc. This category includes terms considered slurs at any point in their usage. Therefore, some of these terms may no longer be considered universally derogatory, may be in common usage, or may be selectively reclaimed by certain groups."
109,Filipino word for people who are assigned male at birth who adopt feminine mannerisms; often considered a third gender.
110,People who campaign for social and political change for people affected by HIV/AIDS.
111,"LGBTQ+ people who organize or campaign for social, cultural, political, or economic goals and change."
112,Community-based groups or institutions that provide support and advocacy for people affected by HIV/AIDS.
113,Abbreviation for human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) and acquired immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS).
114,Refers to various social and political movements aimed at securing equity and equal representation for LGBTQ+ people.
115,Activism and other efforts to bring attention to the AIDS epidemic.
116,Red ribbon that acts as an international symbol for HIV and AIDS awareness; first adopted in the early 1990s for the Red Ribbon Project.
117,Experiences related to people with AIDS approaching or having reached the end of their lives.
118,Experiences related to LGBTQ+ people approaching or having reached the end of their lives.
119,"Public announcements in periodicals, online information centers, or social media about the death of an LGBTQ+ person, typically including details about funerals and memorial services."
120,Public notices published shortly after an LGBTQ+ person's death to inform others of their passing and celebrate their life.
121,End-of-life care for those with AIDS and their families; aimed at optimizing quality of life and mitigating suffering.
122,"Instruction about HIV/AIDS, including topics like the history of the AIDS epidemic, contraction, prevention, and treatment."
123,Process by which information is provided to individuals or communities.
124,"A set of practices aimed to minimize the risk of STI transmission, including but not limited to using condoms and dental dams, taking PrEP, and participating in regular STI testing."
125,"Instruction about sexual health and sexuality, including topics such as consent, safer sex, transmission of STIs, and reproduction."
126,"State of physical, emotional, mental, and social well being in relation to sexuality. This includes one’s ability to have responsible, satisfying, and safer sex free of violence or coercion. "
127,"Institutions dedicated to education, prevention, and treatment of HIV/AIDS; AIDS information centers often provide services like HIV counseling and testing services."
128,An institution that locates and compiles information for the LGBTQ+ community into a central database that can be accessed by the public.
129,"Quilts created to celebrate the lives of people who have died of AIDS-related causes, bring awareness to the AIDS epidemic, and provide support and healing for those affected. The term is often used to refer to the NAMES Project AIDS Memorial Quilt started by Cleve Jones in 1985."
130,Projects and events celebrating the lives of people who have died of AIDS-related causes.
131,"Projects, events, monuments, and sculptures created to memorialize or celebrate LGBTQ+ people, communities, or events."
132,"Organized measures taken for the maintenance or improvement of health via the prevention, diagnosis, treatment, or cure of disease, illness, injury, or other condition."
133,Print or digital publications published periodically and created by or for people with AIDS.
134,"Organized measures taken for the maintenance or improvement of health via the prevention, diagnosis, treatment, and/or cure of disease, illness, injury, or other conditions; use in reference to health care addressing the particular needs of LGBTQ+ individuals or communities."
135,Publications or serials by or about LGBTQ+ people; use a more specific term if possible.
136,"Newspapers, magazines, or other publishing outlets aimed at LGBTQ+ audiences and/or operated by LGBTQ+ people."
137,"Antagonism or disgust directed toward individuals with HIV/AIDS or behaviors perceived as putting oneself at risk for contracting HIV/AIDS. AIDS phobia may include isolation, stereotypes, verbal harassment, and physical violence."
138,"Antagonism or disgust directed towards LGBTQ+ identities or people due to their sexuality or gender, perceived or actual. LGBTQ+ phobia can include denial of the existence of certain LGBTQ+ identities, stereotypes, verbal harassment, and physical violence."
139,A Cook Islands Māori word referring to transgender people of Māori descent from the Cook Islands.
140,"Acronym used to describe Pasifika/Pacific Islander gender diverse identities as a group. The acronym includes Māhū (Hawai'i and Tahiti), Vaka sa lewa lewa (Fiji), Palopa (Papua New Guinea), Fa’afafine (Samoa), Akava’ine (Rarotonga), Fakaleitī (Tonga), Fakafifine (Niue), and more."
141,Tamil slur for effeminate gay man; directly translates to hermaphrodite.
142,"Individuals of a privileged social identity who support, stand in solidarity with, and work to advance the interests of marginalized groups they do not belong to."
143,Individuals who are romantically and sexually attracted to members of the opposite sex or gender.
144,"Alliances to make schools, sports clubs, etc. safe and welcoming to all people regardless of sexual orientation or gender identity."
145,"Places, policies, people, or institutions that are open and welcoming to LGBTQ+ people."
146,Direct action and organizing to achieve political or social change and acceptance for LGBTQ+ people.
147,"Individuals who experience romantic attraction or desire in a frequent and consistent manner, often alongside sexual attraction."
148,Individuals who experience romantic attraction or desire in a frequent and consistent manner toward people of more than one sex or gender.
149,Individuals who experience romantic attraction or romantic desire in a frequent and consistent manner toward members of the opposite sex or gender.
150,Individuals who experience romantic attraction or desire in a frequent and consistent manner toward members of the same sex or gender.
151,Individuals who experience romantic attraction or romantic desire toward others in a frequent and consistent manner irrespective of sex or gender.
152,"A romantic orientation characterized by the occurrence of romantic attraction or desire in a frequent and consistent manner, often alongside sexual attraction."
153,Individuals who do not generally experience romantic attraction or desire.
154,The direction or nature of an individual's romantic attraction toward others.
155,A romantic orientation characterized by the occurrence of romantic attraction or desire in a frequent and consistent manner toward more than one sex or gender.
156,A romantic orientation characterized by the occurrence of romantic attraction or romantic desire in a frequent and consistent manner toward members of the opposite sex or gender.
157,A romantic orientation characterized by the occurrence of romantic attraction or desire in a frequent and consistent manner toward members of the same sex or gender.
158,A romantic orientation characterized by the occurrence of romantic attraction or romantic desire in a frequent and consistent manner irrespective of sex or gender.
159,A romantic orientation generally characterized by a lack of romantic attraction or desire.
160,Individuals who generally experience sexual attraction or the desire for partnered sexual experiences.
161,The belief that everyone should be either sexually available or in a sexual relationship.
162,A sexual orientation generally characterized by the occurrence of sexual attraction or the desire for partnered sexual experiences.
163,"An enduring pattern of sexual attraction towards a certain sex or multiple sexes, as well as characterizations, objects, situational fantasies, or behaviors; generally understood to be either or both biologically determined and culturally and/or sociologically dictated."
164,Ongoing connections between two or more individuals involving sexual behaviors or activities.
165,"The direction of an individual's sexual attraction towards other individuals of the same, opposite, or multiple sexes; commonly understood to be biologically and physiologically dictated, rather than sociologically determined."
166,Individuals who are romantically and/or sexually attracted to more than one gender and who identify as bisexual; do not use to describe pansexual or polysexual people unless they also use the term bisexual.
167,"Individuals who self-identify as pansexual, meaning that they are sexually attracted to people of all genders. Some but not all pansexual people also identify as ""gender-blind"" because gender is insignificant or irrelevant in determining their attraction."
168,Outdated term for lesbians and gay men.
169,Settings alternative to the canonical universe of a text in which fanfiction might take place.
170,"Tropes and genres commonly used in fanfiction. Examples include ""there was only one bed"" and ""enemies to lovers"" romance plots."
171,"The alternate universe fanworks trope in which society is divided into three categories of people: alphas, betas, and omegas. Fanworks in the omegaverse often depict characters with genitalia and breeding behaviors (such as heat cycles) similar to wolves. Use to describe fanworks in the omegaverse that focus on LGBTQ+ people and issues."
172,"Term used to describe fanfiction about trans characters, typically characters who are not stated to be transgender, transsexual, or gender diverse in the canon text"
173,"In Native American Mohave tribes, people assigned male at birth who exhibit feminine traits and could become socially female, often serving as healers."
174,"In Native American Mohave tribes, hwame are people assigned female at birth who exhibit masculine traits and are socially male."
175,Indigenous people in North America who self-identify as Two-Spirit to reconnect with the multiple gender and sexual roles in Native cultures.
176,The assumption that all people share a desire for romantic relationships and that this is a preferential life goal.
177,Group-held beliefs about how members of that group should behave in a given context.
178,The assumption that all people share a desire for monogamous relationships and that this is a preferential life goal.
179,"The unjust or prejudicial treatment of LGBTQ+ people or communities due to their sexual or gender identities; may include the denial of legal rights, employment, and housing."
180,"Nation of all-female warriors in Greek mythology and Classical antiquity; from the Early Modern period, their name has become a term for woman warriors in general as well as a cultural symbol invoked in lesbian communities."
181,"Adults who self-identify as women and understand their gender in terms of Western conceptions of womanness, femaleness, and/or femininity. The term has typically been defined as adult female humans, though not all women identify with the term ""female"" depending on the context in which it is used."
182,"Individuals who self-identify as lesbian and belong to lesbian communities. The term has been predominately used to describe women who are exclusively or primarily romantically and/or sexually attracted to other women. However, not all lesbians are women, and gender non-conforming people who belong to lesbian communities have often identified as lesbian."
183,"A term used to describe a birth variation in which the outer genitals do not have the typical appearance of those associated with either boys or girls. This is often the first sign many doctors and parents see that indicate their child has an intersex variation. Ambiguous genitalia can be caused by a variety of variations and rarely require immediate surgical intervention as long as the child is able to excrete and urinate without complications. Many intersex people find this term stigmatizing, so it should not be used unless the individual uses it to describe themselves."
184,A sex toy used in anal play that consists of multiple attached spheres (or balls) that are continuously inserted through the anus into the rectum and then removed with varying speeds.
185,"Objects, devices, or articles of clothing used for sexual stimulation or to enhance sexual pleasure and experiences."
186,Sexual activity involving penetration of the anus.
187,Sexual practice of inserting a fist into an anus.
188,The insertion of a hand (or fist) into the vagina or anus.
189,Sexual practice of inserting a fist into a vagina.
190,Sexual stimulation of the anus by the tongue or mouth.
191,The act of engaging in a physical and/or mental interaction with another person or object with the specific intent to illicit sexual arousal or climax.
192,"Activities associated with physical and/or mental sexual stimuli, including but not limited to intercourse and sexual pleasure."
193,
194,The practice of engaging in anal sex without using a condom.
195,Sexual act involving the use of and insertion of the fingers to stimulate the vagina and/or anus.
196,"Slang term (typically regarded as vulgar) for the sexual act of penetrating another individual’s mouth, anus, or vagina with a penis or dildo. May also be used to describe sex acts in general (e.g., ""They were fucking."")."
197,The sexual act of penetrating an individual's anus with a penis or dildo.
198,Umbrella term for sex acts involving the buttocks and anus.
199,Sex toys designed to be inserted into the rectum for sexual pleasure. Buttplugs tend to be shorter than dildos and have a flared base that prevents them from being lost in the rectum.
